Hello, I'm Andrew Maine and this is the
OpenAI podcast. Today we're going to
talk about chat GPT and education.
Does it cause brain rot? Is chat GPD
just a tool for cheating? We're going to
speak with Leah Bellski, head of
education at OpenAI, and a couple
students who are active users. Chat GPD
at this point is now the world's largest
learning platform.
>> It allows you to kind of cut through the
noise and do things that you actually
enjoy. you know, Chachi was going to
unlock the world for this girl and I was
not going to have to be worried in the
same way.
>> When it comes to learning and exploring
ideas, I asked Chachi BT a lot of those
questions.
>> Tell me about your journey to OpenAI.
>> You know, I think ultimately Open AI is
about a mission and about its people.
And so I'll tell you at least my my
story. Um so I came to open AI after
spending 15 years in the education space
starting at the World Bank and then at
Corsera focused on this mission of
making education accessible to the
world. Um and when I and I took on this
job Brad our COO he brought he brought
me into the office and you know I was
wondering what what the exact focus of
education to open AI would be and and he
sat me down and he said Leah you know I
want you to go after the moonshot. We
all have this dream that that AI could
improve human potential, that it could
be an effective tutor and a companion
for people throughout their lives. go
after that dream
>> and make sure that once we build that
product everyone in the world can have
it
>> and that's really been the the north
star and I thought that was meaningful
you know from that the head of go to
market the head of revenue
>> to say go after the biggest
transformative moonshot so that the
highest and hopes and dreams that we all
have for AI and education can be
realized
>> that's pretty inspiring and and hopeful
the idea of trying to make it as
widespread as possible
how do you see basically you
global impact. How are we gonna, you
know, see the effects of this around the
world?
>> Yeah. Well, first thing to say is like
chat at this point is now the world's
largest learning platform. Learning is
one of the top use cases on the platform
at 600 million users. That means it is
the world's learning destination and
that means learning outside of the
educational system. I really see Chachi
as a new frontier for learning. Um but
we also see that teachers are major
adopters of the of the of the platform
and they are using that both to get rid
of the administrative burden of their
own work but also to to bring it into
their classroom.
>> What's been striking is to just see the
global demand for chat GBT. So a few
weeks ago we launched a a program called
open AI for countries and we've had
ministries all over the world reach out.
Estonia, the country of Estonia was
actually one of the first countries that
reach out.
>> Estonia makes sense.
>> Estonia makes sense. They are the they
are the top of the world. They have some
of the best PISA scores. They have an
amazing educational system. Um but they
were the first to realize, wow, this is
an opportunity to like push students
even further and to empower our teachers
even further. And after Estonia, it's
been one country after another. And
what's interesting is that when the
countries come to us, you know, they're
coming to us because they want to deploy
AI as core infrastructure through their
education system, but they're also
coming to us because they're feeling
like the impact of an economic
transition.
>> And they're realizing that if they are
going to be developing an AI powered
economy, they need to they need to
graduate a workforce that need learns
how to use AI. And so it's not just
about creating new AI courses. they need
to make sure that every student who
leads their secondary school system has
used AI as part of their class. Um, and
so it's that it's that dual focus of
these countries. They're looking to be
economically competitive. They want to
build an AI ready workforce. They want
to be successful in a new AI powered
economy and they want to improve their
education system.
>> What are you hearing from educational
partners and institutions?
>> So, we're hearing a couple things. I
think those that have made the
investment feel a certain pride that
they have equalized access to AI on
their campuses. They are they really
believe that AI should be core
infrastructure for the campus and that
it should be open to everyone. They're
conscious that you know before
introducing AI and many campus you
you'll be find a situation where those
who are not on financial aid will be
buying access to the latest models and
those who don't have access to resources
um will not. So there's a there's a
pride in in driving equal access. I
think there institutions are also hungry
to engage with each other and
collaborate and understand what are the
top five or 10 ways in which faculty are
using the tech and bringing it into the
classroom. The other type of feedback
that we're getting though is that
>> students are hesitant to use some of the
school provided AI and unless
universities make a big point of telling
students that we're not monitoring this
tech, we're not looking at your
conversations,
>> students are are hesitant to adopt it.
You know what's striking is that the
generation of students that is in
universities right now is the COVID
generation, right? they are used to
having some of their first experiences
with PACB about like Zoom and Google
Classroom and having you know teachers
screaming at them or monitoring and
telling them they're not doing that
homework while they're all sitting at
home going crazy and so they're hesitant
about educational technology and
universities are realizing that if they
want to engage with students and help
students learn in new ways with Chhat
GPT they need to build an actual trust
with students. Yeah, I I mentioned this
before like I was frustrated because
like the AI detectors were terrible.
Like there were these AI detector like
one I could show somebody how to write
text that would be flagged as AI and
also how to prompt a thing to avoid it
and and that just created this, you
know, relationship that started off if
you're using a bad tool like that, you
know, you take one or two students who
didn't cheat and told they're cheaters,
that's just
>> Yeah. In in many institutions, I would
say we got off onto the wrong foot with
AI in the classroom. Instead of trying
to be explicit and establish clear
policies on when students should use the
tech and when they shouldn't, teachers
sort of hid from it.
>> Um, we started with policing its use
rather than actually sitting there and
figuring out how do we actually want to
redesign the way we assess students and
the way we assign homework.
>> Um, but I think we're moving we're
moving beyond that point. Yeah, I've
been encouraged and we we saw I remember
when I was here, we had one school
system that was like had kind of a
knee-jerk reaction said we're banning it
and it was like a few months later they
had enough teachers within there going
hey no this is a really good tool we
know how to teach to this and they said
okay we're we're going to reverse that
now and that was it was a it was very um
good to see energized teachers embrace
this and say okay and wanting their
students to they knew this was going to
be part of the future Sure. Well, now
there's study mode. Could you talk a
little about that?
>> Um, so study mode is a a product we just
launched. Um, and it is intended to take
really improve learning in ChachiBT and
take it from an experience that is just
focused on giving answers to really
guiding a student to get to the answers.
So study in study mode uh chach answers
socratically. It personalizes responses
to sort of the level of your learning.
It understands the context of what
you're learning. It asks great follow-up
questions. It asks if you want to have a
quiz on the topic. It encourages you to
>> to go deeper. Um, and ultimately this is
this is a a first step to really leaning
into this idea of of chachi as a as a
tutor.
>> So, how did this come about? Was there
conversations with educators and parents
about this?
>> Um, so study mood actually um came out
of a trip that our team took in India.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Um, where they had a few where they
realized a few things. one they realized
that in a place like India, families
were spending a huge percentage of their
per capita income on tutors and after
school help. Um they also realized that
there was just a tremendous will and
desire among young people to get to get
to the next level. And so you know we
began this journey of like what would it
take to actually get Chachi PT and turn
Chachi into an even better tutor than it
already is. And so we started by you
know and this was my first my first
experience building like an AI product.
So we started actually building a a
schema informed by learning science and
informed by pedagogical experts that
said how should chachu te respond if
it's not just going to give answers but
it's going to actually help you you
learn. Um and then we worked with open
with experts around the world to gather
what we call golden examples
>> of how chat would ideally respond. Is
the tone encouraging? Does it encourage
curiosity? Does it um cater a response
to the level of a student's need? And
through that process of sort of going
back and forth and training the model,
that's how study mode study mode
emerged. And I would say, you know,
we're we're super excited to see the
feedback on this product out in the
world, but it's also very much a
beginning.
>> Yeah, it's a starting point.
>> It's a starting point. You know, we've
we're really only in the early stages of
pushing the way in which the model can
respond in multimodal ways. You know,
one day you could imagine asking study
mode to give you samples of a sort of a
biology assignment to explain organic
chemistry and to pop up interactive
diagrams or to nudge you, you know, 3
weeks down the road, you remember you
told me that you wanted to ace this
year's organic chemistry exam. Can shall
we dig back into the topic now? It could
be proactive and really sort of travel
with you over time. And I think over
time the hope is to get study mode to
that point.
>> That'd be great. Yeah, I could see that
combined with space repetition and you
could have just a really good tool that
doesn't just help you pass the test but
help you remember it for a long time.
>> And I think you you touched about
something there which is that in you
know certain households they can afford
to have private tutors tutoring programs
great and we talk about kind of the
differences in educational
opportunities. You can have a bunch of
kids that go to the same school, but the
parents that are able to have the kid go
to a tutor are going to be in a
situation where their child's going to
have higher chance of an outcome. Now,
you see this as a leveler.
>> Look, I think the first place where AI
is having a huge impact in education is
not even in the classroom. It's outside
of the classroom where it's equalizing
access to what's really like adult
support. There are many students out in
the world who don't have access to a
quality teacher. They don't have access
to tutors. they don't have access to
parents who are going to sit down and
help them. And now with AI, they can
have this companion who can encourage
them, who can give feedback on their
homework, on their writing, who can help
help them answer tough questions. Um, we
we formed a a lab of of student users of
Chat GBT. It's called Chat GPT Lab. I
think you're going to talk to a few of
the students. And one thing that really
struck me is they said using using AI
gave them confidence.
>> Um and it got to them a place where
formerly they would feel stuck or they
would feel discouraged. Um one of the
students told the story of being in the
classroom um as a computer science
student
>> and for many years she would get stuck
in her consu computer science courses
and she started to give up. She couldn't
understand the textbooks. But when she
used chatbt out of school as a as a
tutor, she started to feel like, "Oh, I
can ask questions. I can understand
this. Like I have confidence and maybe I
can actually continue and move forward."
And so I think it's as much, you know,
if you think about what tutors do in the
world, they give you encouragement. They
give you a sense of confidence that I
can and I want and I can move forward.
And then of course, they deliver the
content in contextual and personal ways.
I think Chachi can do all of these
things. So when it comes to workforce
productivity, how does that work on a
personal scale? What advice would you
give to people?
>> So all the recent data shows that
workers who use AI in the workforce are
incredibly more productive. Um it's
particular true in fields like
professional services and financial
students. But you know really any
graduate who who leaves institution
today needs to know how to use AI in
their daily life. And that will come in
both where they're applying for jobs as
well as when they start start their new
job. And so one of the big reasons why
institutions are now deploying AI as
core infrastructure about across campus
is they want to make sure their students
leave with those workforce skills. Um
the the data shows that seven and 10
employers would rather hire someone with
AI skills over someone who had up to 10
years of experience in a given function.
>> I've seen that I I run a firm where I
help put together teams to work with
companies are trying to deploy AI. And
the thing that we look for in people we
work with is basically AI skills.
Somebody spent six months learning how
to use this stuff. I don't really care
what their LinkedIn or actually their
curriculum looked like. I just want to
know, have you been using it? Can you
use it?
>> Yeah. Look, I think the other sort of
core literacy that's going to become
important now is coding.
>> You know, for a while it was, you know,
there was a moment where we thought all
students need to learn coding and then I
think there was a big focus on
engineers. But now with vibe coding and
now that there are all sorts of tools
that make coding easier, I think we're
going to get to a place where every
student should not only learn how to use
AI generally, but they should learn to
use AI to create
>> to create image to create create
applications to to write code. And I
think sort of basic coding is going to
become a core literacy that's going to
be important as well.
>> Yeah, I I get I hear people go like why
learn to code because they codes for you
and it's like like why learn to read if
books are full of text. I was like like
no the world still runs on these things
and it I think yeah it's a very valuable
>> you know one of my colleagues you know
he does a lot of financial stuff and
he's creating new calculators and
building little tools for this all the
time. I build stuff for myself for
learning and whatever and you know I
already knew how to code but it just
makes it so much easier and knowing what
the code does is effective.
>> Yeah absolutely. Look, I'm of the view
that as coding becomes something that's
easier, the ability to understand code
to create it and debug it is going to
become a core literacy that's going to
become increasingly more important.
>> Yeah, I think that's great advice. I
think just the more time people spend
trying to use these tools, trying
different things with these tools. And
one of the things I've heard that works
really well is just meeting on a regular
basis with other people whether it's at
a work place, you know, like have once a
week or once a month to get together and
talk about stuff or students sharing
what they've learned. So, uh, there's
been some sort of sensational headlines
talking about how AI can cause brain rot
when it comes to education.
>> Look, I I hear you and it's and it's
it's one of these questions I get asked
every day. AI is ultimately a tool and
what matters most in the education space
is how that tool is used. Learning takes
struggle. It takes working with
information. It takes processing it. If
students use AI as an answer machine,
they're not going to learn. And so I
think that's what people are are worried
about. And so part of our journey here
is really to help students and educators
use AI in ways that will expand critical
thinking, that will expand creativity.
and and it and you can you don't need to
read complex studies to know that AIUS
in certain ways is positive or negative.
I think of my daughter, right? She's
learning long division right now. It
takes a certain amount of struggle.
There's some tears involved. If I were
to hand her a calculator and said,
"Don't do the division problem. Just put
it into into AI. Are you going to learn
long division?" She wouldn't. But at the
same time, you know, down the road as
she's learning advanced math, I
anticipate I can give her that
calculator and she'll be able to you do
math at a higher level than she
otherwise would. Um, AI uses is no
different. It needs to be used in a way
that drives feedback that gives people
personal tutoring that helps you ask and
answer questions in in different ways.
Um, that's how we're going to advance
learning. Yeah, I read there was one
study that just recently made the news
and I actually sat down and I read it
and it was saying if you copy paste
answers you don't learn which was just
like wow
>> honestly it's like if I were if I were
training for a marathon and you said
like hey Leah can I give you a scooter
and for some of these training runs
you'd like take a scooter down the down
the road I wouldn't get into more shape
that that was very similar to that site.
>> Yeah. And I I think the frustrating
thing is like I think there really are
important questions to be asked about
this. I do think that, you know,
critical thinking skills, we have to
think about how we develop these and how
we pursue that. I get a little
frustrated that when I see I, again, I'm
sure there's a real good defense of that
study, but I see studies I like, this is
you're saying an obvious thing. The
thing we need to think about is how do
you actually use these tools? How can
you improve your critical thinking
skills? And I think that's going to be,
you know, an open-end question we're
going to have to keep asking ourselves.
Look, part of the reason why we created
Studymood, which is essentially a
tutoring experience for students, is so
students wouldn't have to learn how to
prompt the model in ways that would give
feedback or quiz or or drive learning.
Instead, it would be a mode that you
would enter where the model itself would
push you and would guide you towards
answers and personalize and give context
and scaffold knowledge. Um, so we're on
this journey to create an experience in
chatbt where a student doesn't have to
know how to use it in certain ways. Um,
and I think that's where you're going to
really see um, the boundaries of
learning being advanced.
>> Yeah. And I'm I'm excited because I I'm
hearing kind of anecdotal stories from
parents where they'll
while supervised, but they'll let their
kid start a conversation with Chat GPT
and you quickly realize that chat GPT
has infinite patience to talk about
frogs. You can never exhaust it. It'll
talk about frogs forever. And that
budding herpatologist might all of a
sudden, you know, realize that they
really like talking about this even
though their parents don't.
>> One of the things that's magical about
ChachiBT is it is patient
>> infinitely. So no question you ask
Chachi BT is is ever stupid. It will
always respond. It will always give you
an honest, reasonable answer. And two,
you know, half of learning is about
feeling confident, inspired to learn.
One of the things we always said at
Corsera is, you know, it's one thing to
build amazing courses and amazing tech,
but to really get a kid to learn, you
need to have them feel like I can learn
>> and I want to learn. And I think a lot
of what AI is doing in the education
space is is giving people that
scaffolding to have confidence that they
can dive in and they and they can learn.
So, one of the reasons I came to open
was actually also connected to my
daughter. Um, she is she is dyslexic and
for years I would watch her brother come
down in the morning and read the
newspaper and I would sink to myself and
think, you know, how is this brilliant
little girl going to actually learn how
to access the world? How is she going to
learn about current events?
>> And the summer before I joined OpenAI,
we launched advanced voice mode.
>> Um, and I remember handing her the phone
and I said, "Zoe, why don't you try
talking with Chat GPT?" and she said,
"Hey, ChachiT, my mom is worried that
I'm not going to learn about current
events cuz I can't read the newspaper
like my brother. Can you tell me what's
going on in the world?" And it was so
poignant as I remember Chachi responding
and saying, you know, "Sure, Zoe, what
are you interested in? What do you want
to learn about in the world today?" And
from there, the conversation went went
on and they were talking about all her
interests in space and robots. And I
realized in that moment that, you know,
Chachi was going to unlock the world for
this girl and I was not going to have to
be worried in the same way.
>> That's that's powerful. I'm I'm excited
to see how it helps with issues like
that. Uh accessibility issues and I
think that's it's going to be
interesting to see where we are a few
years from now. Uh Leah, thank you so
much for talking with me. This has been
very interesting. I'm excited to see
where these things go next.
>> Awesome. Great talking to you, Andrew.
I'd also like to know a little bit more
about you both too. So, Yabi, could you
tell me what you're studying right now?
>> Yeah. Um, so I actually just finished up
my undergraduate degree in communication
at USC. Um, and then I'm going to enter
the first semester of my master's
program in business analytics also at
USC.
>> Okay, cool. So, why did you want to
choose that?
>> Um, initially when I came to college, I
wasn't really sure kind of like the
subject matter I wanted to study. Um, so
I took like a lot of time to take GE
courses to kind of explore. Um, and then
through there I think I I like the more
of the human component of like research
and theory. Um, and I found that
communication was like a really good
major to like kind of explore that
through. Um, and then throughout like
you know my college career, I started
taking a lot of stat classes. Um, and
then you know gave me the basis for like
analytical thinking and I really wanted
to kind of add that on. So I added a
data science minor. Um, and then kind of
having that like creative and anidal um,
component come together. I think it led
me to business analytics. So
>> that's a it's a very interesting
combination there. That's pretty cool
the way that came about. So a lot tell
us what you're studying.
>> Yeah, I'm studying electrical
engineering and computer science uh, at
Berkeley. I'm a rising sophomore.
>> What brought you into those fields?
>> Um, I think growing up I grew up in the
Bay Area, so I've been exposed to a lot
of tech uh, around me and I'm also like
a really hands-on guy. I like um
fidgeting with circuits or playing
around with code and I really like
finding solutions to some issues that I
see. Um and I found that one of my
favorite ways to do that was through
code and through hardware engineering.
So I thought this would be a a good
combination of the two.
>> Did you like to build things when you're
younger?
>> Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Like I built
like a solar power car.
>> Oh, of course.
>> Yeah, just like a small one and then and
then I built a big one later.
>> Oh, yeah. Obviously.
>> Yeah.
But yeah, just just anything I could
just like really see just in in person
and visualize.
>> So you guys are both pretty forward
thinking. Could you tell me
what was kind of your first big aha
moment with AI? Any kind of AI in
general?
>> I remember I was a junior in high school
and and this kind of buzz of oh do you
know have you heard of chatbt kind of
started going around. Um and that was
like that was like obviously AI had
existed before. Um, I had witnessed like
the OIMO robot. I don't know if you've
heard of that, but yeah. So, humanoids,
but but really like seeing like an AI
that I could actually use and interact
with was Chaz GBT. And we're all
huddling around my computer and I just
made an account with OpenAI. And I had
an assignment on how to write my
Tequilla Mockingbird essay. And I was
like, if it can if it can really do
anything, let's see how it writes,
right?
>> And boom, it wrote me a full Tequila
Mockingbird essay. I did not use it, but
uh it was definitely cool to see and
just like a moment that I really
remember.
>> Yeah, I want to ask you a little bit
more about that. Um so, how about you?
>> Um I think for me it was honestly funny
cuz I think a lot of people started off
with like an academic or like study use
case for it. But then I think when I
stumbled across from it, I remember I
was like a sophomore my first semester
of sophomore year in college. Um, and I
saw like the social media posts about
like how, you know, you can kind of use
Chad GBT for like certain like, you
know, write a story for me. And so I
think my first prompt to it was to like
write fanfiction, which is like really
funny. And like it was just like a
random use case. I remember showing my
roommates. Um, and they all thought it
was pretty stupid, honestly. Um, and so
I think it was just like a lot of
mundane random use cases. Um, and and
then I think it was like later on that I
actually started using it like
academically specifically when I started
doing like more coding oriented classes.
But I think that aha moment for me is
the fact that you can use it for like
day-to-day tasks and less so for like
educational research.
>> I can't let this drop. You mentioned
fanfiction.
What fanfiction?
>> Um, so just to give context, I feel like
when I was younger as most
>> There's no judgment. You don't have to
context. There's no judgment.
>> Thank you. This feels like Chad GBT. Oh,
don't say that to him.
>> Yeah, I see what you're saying. That's
great.
>> Um, but um, so yeah, so I think there's
like a lot of different kind of like
outlandish like fanfictions like kind of
going on. And I think one of the
communities that I thought was like
pretty funny was like the Shrek
fanfiction community.
>> Sorry, I'm sorry. I thought you said the
Shrek fanfiction community. Could you
say this again?
>> Yes, the Shrek fanfiction community.
>> Okay, so you did say that. Yeah. And so
I think I don't know why that was like
the top of mind kind of trope that I
wanted to prompt and back then it was
like super early so it wasn't like the
outputs weren't as good, right?
>> But um I feel like this could definitely
you know be on one of those platforms
that they write fanfiction all the time.
It's it's interesting because like part
of is you know part of the value of
fanfiction is it's a way for fans to
participate and and they can produce
something that's cool that can kind of
appeal to you and you showed your
friends and they were like what
>> they're like this is stupid
>> but for you it created a neat moment. I
think that's a lot of things we forget
like I write and I love to write. Part
of the writing experience for me though
is the writing. Now people like, "Oh,
you worked at Open Air. Are you going to
use Chad CPT?" It's like that's like
asking somebody to learn to play the
electric guitar. Are you just gonna
have, you know, play electric guitar
music all the time instead of actually
playing the guitar? Like no, I I learned
to write to write to do these things. I
think that kind of gets overlooked, but
that where you can say, "Hey, what about
this scenario?" And Shrek fanfiction is
like the most sweet and innocent thing I
think I possibly could have heard.
So, how would you say your professors
have been adapting?
>> I think in terms of like actual
assignments and work, I feel like the
way I'm feeling about it is like similar
to like how I felt when like when we
were younger in like elementary school
and we're transitioning between like
doing like hand division to like using
calculators to like take on like bigger
tasks like you said. So, I feel like
it's like that kind of transitional
period where it's like um I think a lot
of a lot less like like automation like
automative tasks. So like I feel like in
my communication courses like I'm seeing
a lot less like as define this like term
kind of question and more about like how
do you apply this term? What does this
mean in like a bigger context? So I feel
like there's a lot more focus on like
meaning and like intentionality as
opposed to kind of more like basic
understanding.
>> Um and I think you know a lot of tests
taking forms are actually like more open
format than I thought they would be. Um
and and because of that the questions
have also shifted to ask more of like
you know questions that are like you
know could be extrapolated to like
bigger meanings as opposed to kind of
like the typical like define this term.
So I feel like that's how I've seen it
change.
>> Yeah. I've actually noticed that in in
my CS classes, um, some professors
obviously they they want us to not use
it for these like simple homework
assignments that are just like check for
uh check to see if you actually remember
the concept,
>> but for bigger projects, we actually got
uh two tracks we could take. One is with
using AI and one is without using AI.
And I thought it was really interesting
that the professor is kind of, you know,
greeting this this new concept and and
adapting to it. And the professor said,
"With AI, we're going to give you a bit
of a harder assignment and we're going
to push you more and you're going to
have to write a reflection on what AI
gave you so that you also get the
concepts that you would that AI would
tell you." Um, but with the nonAI, you
would kind of do a more traditional
project, but with AI, you could like
push it much further. So it was great to
that the professor was allowing you to
choose between the two.
>> Which did you choose?
>> I chose non AI. Okay. But um yeah, I
know a lot of people who did choose AI.
>> Why did you choose non AAI?
>> I think that for me I I wasn't the
I wasn't the most
like
technically like sound with the concept
that the project was about. And I
remember that I had a few features that
I myself wanted to implement in this in
this kind of mini game. But with AI, it
was like you can ask it to brainstorm
and help you get features and you can
implement those with AI. But I kind of
knew what I I wanted to do from the get-
go.
>> And because I already had my ideas, I
use AI a lot for brainstorming, but
because I already had my ideas, I was
like, "Oh, I might as well just really
just like focus on implementing the
ideas that I had already come up with."
That's a it's a thing that comes up a
lot because I think some professors they
want the students to learn the
fundamentals which is important because
if you learn Python you really need to
learn Python and I think it's going to
be helpful for even for decades to come.
We need to have people who understand
how these things work. Uh, but I've seen
some programs where they're not even
teaching them how to use AI for like
code generation, which to me sounds like
malpractice, you know, which again, just
that's my take on that. But I think that
I like the idea that there's a different
courses and the idea that if you're
going to use AI, then great, you have to
do bigger challenges. And I've had
people ask me about this. What do we do
if people can use CAD GPT? I'm like,
have students do bigger projects, you
know, where they would have done a book
report before. Have them make a music
video. You know, just make bigger things
and do more. I think they're valid
concerns when people are looking at
something that's going to change the way
that we work and trying to figure out
the outcome. And so I understand some of
the hesitation there and I do think that
critical thinking skills are important
and I think this technology is trying to
adapt to that because if it's just
another thing that people copy paste
from them like yeah you're not going to
learn. So OpenAI is rolling out a new
feature study the chat GPT which seems
to be kind of very interesting approach
with that. Have you guys tried this?
>> Y
>> what's your how would you describe it?
Um I would say that study mode is is a
cha it's challenging um and it it forces
forces the user to actually challenge
themselves with any sort of content. So
I myself when I tried it I I asked it to
teach me about AI
>> and I also tried this with a regular
chat mode and it just gave me a big list
of oh AI is this there's this type of
learning this type of learning
>> and when I asked study mode it actually
just didn't even answer my question and
gave me three questions to understand
what I really wanted and it said do you
have a specific topic that you really
want to get into how much do you know
about this what are you doing right now
and I got it to
a specific topic which is fine-tuning
and it really broke it down one by one.
And I think the biggest thing about
study mode is that it doesn't just
assume that you remember it and move on.
Maybe after a few minutes it'll go back
and say, "Oh, here's a little uh mental
check, a little sanity check. Do you
remember this?" And you'll have to
answer that again. Because in our
brains, that's what's really like
forming those connections, our neural
connections, and actually helping us
remember these concepts. And I think
that study mode does a really great job
if you really want to learn a concept
and apply that concept and and
understand it to its fullest potential.
Um that's when you would use it when you
don't want just a question answer.
>> Yeah. Um I've also kind of done like a
similar like sideby-side comparison with
study mode versus like the regular mode.
And I
>> You guys are very analytical. I love
this that you did these AB tests on
this.
>> Exactly.
>> I played like oh this is pretty cool.
Um, and I think like when I so I was I
think I was like trying to I was doing
like a research on a very like niche
topic um kind of about like EDM and rave
of culture and it's like history in like
California and I was like I feel like
that's like a really interesting topic
to kind of do research on um and see
what like you know Chad GBT has to say
about it. And I remember um well I guess
my usage of like kind of chat GBT for
like research is I feel like I always in
the back of my mind acknowledging that
it's like an LLM not very like suited
for like research unless you kind of
have good parameters around it. So
usually the way I approach it is that I
go through my sources that I find like
through Google like research papers and
I actually paste that into the chat and
ask it to only draw from those
parameters because I want to keep it
like more contained and less like
general. Um, and so I feel like when I
was doing that research into like kind
of looking into like rave culture in
California, I found that like when I
used the regular mode and put in the
context, it did produce a good output.
But with study mode, I didn't even
really need to use that context because
it narrowed the parameters through that
back and forth chat. Um, and I feel like
my learning was more kind of rigorous
through there because it's like we're
answering questions instead of being
like fed kind of like long pieces of
content information that the regular
mode gave. So, I thought that was like a
really effective kind of learning
method.
>> Has this given you more confidence about
the future as far as you're finding a
role and being able to adapt to whatever
is going to come next or not?
>> Definitely. I think I think there's two
sides to to what OpenAI is producing.
Um, I think with this like agent mode
there there is that like super
futuristic look where you think, oh,
like maybe some like certain task that I
used to be doing for my internship they
won't even want me to do. But then with
study mode, it's really like drawing it
back and thinking about like each
concept that you're learning in school.
And so to me, I think study mode is one
of the most important modes in in chat
GBT because it'll actually help you
learn whereas I think people are when
they're trying to use AI, they're trying
to just get the answer.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so yeah,
>> I'm I'm I'm excited as a lifelong
learner is every time we have a new tool
like this to continuously play with it
and to see where this is heading.
I use chat GPD all the time. I'm going
to admit that here. I don't spend a lot
of time on social media, but I was never
a really big social media person other
than like for news. What has been your
experience? Do you spend like how is
like what's a normal day for you? And
then also like let's say how much social
media are you using versus chat GPT? For
me, I think so. I actually, not
recently, about like a year ago, um kind
of decided to take a step back from
social media usage, particularly like
Tik Tok. Um just cuz um I feel like I
was just
>> like getting a lot of content in one
place in like a like a digestible
manner, which is like what the
convenience of it is. But I feel like I
started getting too used to that
convenience and like like I feel like I
was just like kind of passively
consuming content without really like
researching or f factchecking it as
much. I feel like it wasn't really
>> that's the whole point of Tik Tok.
>> Yeah, that's the whole point. But like I
feel like I was like it was making me
pretty complacent. I think um and I
didn't like that. So I decided to go off
it. Um so in that sense I think less of
usage with like video form content. Um,
but I do like use social media to like
communicate with my peers and you know I
guess Instagram for like photos and
stuff like that. But um, I think chat
GBT has become more salient in my life
like cuz I feel like right now as a
student like like 80% of my life is like
school and then I guess even the summer
like another 80% of my life is like
work. So I feel like I definitely use it
whether it's like in terms of that or
even like dayto-day like activities. I
feel like much more using Chad GBT than
I am social media.
Yeah, I think uh a big thing is that
like social media is now trying to be
that kind of like a one-stop shop for
kind of everything, right? Like people
will now shop on social media. People
will now find their news on social
media, see what their friends are doing.
And I think similar to what you were
saying, Gabby, about um like how social
media you kind of started getting a
little bit of everything. You know, some
people can find that as a good thing.
But for me, when I used to go on social
media, I realized that I was just
scrolling for hours because I realized
that I was like, oh, like I'm getting
some news content. I'm learning about
some things here. And so I was less
actual actually conscious about the time
I was spending on social media. And I
realized that a lot of that time is just
a lot of content that I don't want as
well.
>> And so I've realized that that, you
know, for my dayto-day, I I've drawn
back on my social media usage. When it
comes to learning and exploring ideas, I
ask chatbt a lot of those questions
because I'm very specific about what I
want and what I can get out of chatbt.
And social media I I use consciously is
like my leisure time to just like relax
and just enjoy some content. Whereas
like I don't I don't like to kind of mix
everything into one app.
>> For me, there was this moment and it
really happened with deep research where
the quality of things I was getting was
often better than what I found online.
And I found it like I could ask a really
interesting question. It could be
something silly about like, you know, a
bunch of crocodiles massacring people or
something like I mean it was a World War
II story. I'm like, what's the truth
about this? And you get a deep research
report and comes back. Well, it was
overblown. But that was fun to sort of
look through these things and say,
"Okay, what are questions I want that I
wish there were articles on that?" And
and did you find that too that all of a
sudden content got better? I remember so
in high school when when Chad GBBT first
came out, I was uh in like a research
like a research class uh where I
basically just researched on a topic
that I wanted to and and wrote a paper
about it. And early on, Chad GBT
couldn't access the web. So I'd paste in
a link and it' be like, "Oh, I can't
read that." Um and so I found that like
I would like paste like a big paper in
and and try to give it that way. But it
it wasn't it wasn't good at at like
finding content for me. So I really had
to do that myself. But deep research, it
could allow me to actually find content
specific to what I want. Um, and what I
usually do is I I tell it to only only
search for really academic uh
meritbacked like research and formulate
an argument for me. Um, and the content
itself is actually very good and I cite
it pretty often.
>> So for you, Abby, do you have any
particular tricks you use or things you
do to try to get it to sort of perform
the way you want it to? Um I think yeah
first and foremost kind of like
narrowing the research parameters I
think is helpful by feeding it kind of
the sources that I want it to kind of
generate from. Um, and then I think for
me I also prompted to be a critical
actor sometimes because I think like as
much as I like kind of the feedback I
receive especially say so say if I'm
like trying to brainstorm like a
research paper, right? Um, and I'm like
formulating like my kind of thesis like
statement and I'm having like my set
points. Um, and I think the feedback I
get for the most part is like
overwhelmingly positive
>> and that's like the first I mean
reaction to it. And I think
>> that's that's valid. But sometimes I
want an actual critical like outlook. So
I think prompting it to kind of embody
certain personas is really helpful and
like the response that it gives to
actually make like a holistic like
paper. Um and then I think coupling that
like with you know like having your
professor's help um and kind of also
filling certain gaps I think helps like
have a holistic kind of overview at
least when I'm writing papers.
>> So give us some example of how you
prompt when you talk about like
different personas what you ask it to do
specifically.
Um, so for example, I think a while back
I was doing some research on conspiracy
theories.
>> Um, and I think it was it was
interesting research cuz I feel like
there's a lot of information out there.
Um, and so I think first step definitely
narrowing those parameters and then I
think I was creating kind of the
arguments that like followed under
there. Um, and I asked it um I asked it
to actually make up a conspiracy theory
using kind of the concepts that I've
been learning. Um, and so it made up a
conspiracy theory.
>> What was the theory?
>> I think it was some theory about like
airport mirrors. Um,
>> go on.
>> And I forgot what the exact parameters
were, but it was something about how
like airport mirrors are like monitoring
like your activity and how like you
should be careful. Um, but it obviously
worded it in very elegant way because it
was using kind of that research to kind
of like say, okay, this is why people
believe in it. And so I asked it to take
up like certain personas across like for
example the political scale
>> um and ask it like you know how would
this person react to it? How would this
person critique it? How would this
person believe in it? Um and I think it
gave me like kind of like a overview
like for my learning but also like for
the like argument forming making sure
that I'm thinking it from like this
critical lens or this lens and not just
through like what I think um you know
about that conspiracy theory.
>> That's really good. I I think that
that's one of the uh the really low-key
things I think people could probably do
more of is not just say give it one
point of view but actually tell like
yeah give me a couple different points
of view and that was even back with GPD3
that was what I thought was really cool
is I could simulate a conversation from
different points of view and it was
reading those transcripts was
interesting because you could see the
model is pretty good at adapting to that
and I love taking research papers and
saying give me the counterpoint give me
this to that and I think as that kind of
tool that's helpful do you have any
particular the kind of tips you use for
any kind of personas or any different
some questions you ask.
>> Yeah, definitely. I I agree with like
the it's very like lenient with you and
it'll be like, oh, like you've done a
great job on this and I found that there
you can you can put a specific
instructions for your chat. So, if you
go to like personalize GBT, um you can
>> put specific instructions. So, I say
like no fluff, like just get to the
point, be brutally honest with me um
whenever I ask you a question or
whenever I submit what I have. And to
the persona thing as well, like I think
it it's it's a great thing to to get
different perspectives versus just tell
it, oh, what do you think? Because then
it'll be, oh, like more like I'll take
your side and your perspective on it.
Um, so I've I've told it to, you know,
act as like a like a consultant at a top
firm and and tell me how you do this or
I told it to act as like a super
creative like professor that researches
on this and come up with unique
solutions to this. So I think um really
putting putting chatbt into like a
persona or perspective and a
professional um will like empower it to
actually do better is what I've noticed.
>> You two are both I think probably very
well-engaged students. You you you have
a lot of thought about this. What are
some misconceptions you hear? Like I
talk to people ring a chat GPT in
education people ah cheating and this
sort of stuff and again there's a
conversation to be had for there but I
think sometimes I hear this sort of
assumption that every kid's just
automatically going to use this to
cheat. Have you encountered that? Do you
feel like you know was that a been your
experience? It is a great question and
there's a lot of thought that goes into
it, but um the more I think about kind
of originality and how how people want
like your own authentic original work um
because like that'll help with your
learning. That's that's definitely true.
But then we're going to get to a point
um with AI, maybe we already have, but
it it'll keep going down the line where
actually like AI produced work is going
to be like much much better than than
humans to the point where why are we
just like dismissing what what an AI can
produce. And
>> I think soon we'll get to the point
where
we'll we'll have chat GBT like it'll
have a much bigger impact than let's say
like writing some report. Um, but then
the teachers will and students will also
have to adapt to how they can show their
growth while also like using AI to its
fullest because it can complete so many
great tasks that humans can't.
>> I think it's it's just hard to answer
that question because I feel like we're
redefining
>> No, he just said it was a great
question. He just said it was a great
question. No, go ahead.
Um, I was just saying I think it's just
it's it's hard because I feel like we're
like kind of redefining what like
cheating means. So, I feel like I don't
even know what cheating means anymore.
>> Um, so I feel like that's why it's like
kind of hard.
>> Yeah. No, it's a fair question and a
fair response. What advice would you
give to high school students right now
about using these tools?
>> I don't know. something that I think
I've like a lot of my friends were
talking about even like before I came
came here I was you know staying with my
friends from college and we were just
like talking about I was asking their
experiences about like chat GBT and AI
um and one of my friends was like I feel
like if I had chat GBT in high school I
wouldn't be where I am today um and I
asked her like oh what do you mean by
that and she said I feel like I would
just be stupider I feel like that's just
the best way she put it um and so So, I
thought about that and I I feel like I
can somewhat see that point. But I think
the way that like AI is developing, at
least AI usage, I feel like we're
noticing kind of like a shift, at least,
you know, anecdotally from what I see, a
shift away from kind of using it as like
a cheat use case or, you know, a use
case to like, you know,
>> take the easier path,
>> but more so to just like improve like
your productivity and like learning. And
I think like through that lens, I think
the advice like I would give is to kind
of like, you know, have like an
intrinsic motivation. I mean, that's
hard advice, but I feel like, you know,
you just have like that motivation to
learn. And I think you can really use
Chad GBT to kind of help you, but don't
use it as a crutch at the same time. I
think you just have to hold yourself
accountable in kind of not using it to
get the answer, more so to help you kind
of understand things better. Um, but I
think that's that's hard when you're in
high school.
>> But I think it allows you to kind of cut
through the noise and do things that you
actually enjoy versus, you know, things
that are kind of like assigned to you, I
guess.
>> Yeah, definitely. I'd say um for high
school students right now, I'd say be
wary. Um, I've noticed that throughout
my time. I mean, I started learning
about it in high school and I definitely
saw the dangers of it uh with
complacency and and getting used to it.
uh doing all the things and then when
you when you actually get to the test
and when you actually get to challenge
what you've learned, you have less of
that knowledge. But I've noticed that uh
these past few months I've really kind
of pushed CHBT to its limits and push
myself to my limits. And I've noticed
that I can accomplish a lot more than I
used to. Um I remember in high school I
was I was working on some project. It
was a image classifier um project and it
took me a long time, a lot of documents
uh to to actually learn and understand
how to do this. But now you can you can
utilize AI and actually get this done
much faster and improve on it and
produce it and continue and and uh and
iterate on it to make a much better
product. tonight. I would encourage high
schoolers to to find a passion and and
really dive into that and and get the
most out of it, but at the same time be
wary and stick to the the concepts that
teachers are teaching you and and don't
just uh automatically dismiss it because
AI can do it for you.
>> How
would you like teachers to be teaching?
Now,
>> I think and and this is a bold take, but
I think that eventually we're going to
get to a point where
>> where education and the lectures are
fully done by AI. M
>> I think all all the content that we're
consuming ourselves will be given by AI
because I've noticed anecdotally that
each student learns differently. And
once AI gets to a point where there's um
like a multimodal system where you can
visualize things and and it'll provide
you like YouTube videos that it creates
itself.
um we're going to get to a point where
students learn better through AI and I
think teachers will then be focused more
on like the social social skills, social
capital um part of it and mentorship and
how to use AI because um I think
everyone's worried about jobs as well
but adaptation is the new job security
for for students and for upand cominging
um people that are trying to enter the
job market. That's where I kind of
wonder those. I think that AI has this
great place as a companion, as tutor and
whatnot and a lot of the material and
kind of replace the textbook. But you
brought up the word mentorship. I just
see personally speaking, I think there's
so much value to me be able to go to an
electrical engineer that actually had an
electrical engineering job, you know, or
computer science teacher who actually
has done the work of it, too. And so do
you see that kind of as sort of the
future? Is the idea is that the AI is
the really good TA? It's the textbook.
It's doing this sort of stuff, but then
you want to still keep keep humans in
the center.
>> I guess like in terms of like teaching
and learning, I feel like obviously who
teaches you impacts what you learn and
how you like apply it on later on in
life. And like I feel like you can, you
know, learn the same concept in biology
like mitosis. It's the same concept, but
like who teaches you like kind of really
changes that, you know? So I think
that's where the human aspect of like
learning really comes in and it's what
makes it important and I think that
human connection. So I think it's it's
somewhat like of I think I envision like
somewhat of like a hybrid kind of of
those two things. Um where I think we
can get a standard from AI because it's
helpful because it's easy because it's
like you know accessible and then kind
of that mentorship element comes in with
the touch and like how you apply it and
especially how you think about it in
terms of ethics. I think maybe we'll
we'll start shifting away from just like
learning how to do do and thinking about
like how does this impact people you
know how can we help others through
these technologies um and I think that
shift and understanding is where the
human touch and mentorship will also
come in so I think you know having that
hybrid model is you know something that
I envision for the future and that's
something that could be really
successful.
>> Where do you see the future headed with
AI? Um definitely just like how any
technology works just like simplifying a
lot of tasks um obviously and I think uh
a lot of people maybe are are worried
about or are thinking about
consciousness um in AI and I I don't
think that AI will will generate
consciousness for a long time. Um but I
think that like in the future like right
like deploying like you know like
certain companies have already developed
like deployable software engineers as as
an AI agent. Um but like deploying like
like a full just like a one agent
that'll orchestrate like a software
engineer, a marketer, a designer, um so
many things. I think I think that's
where the future is going. um where
humans stand in that uh definitely like
they'll they'll need to like stay in the
loop. I think just letting letting AI go
is is dangerous and it isn't uh feasible
for for the upcoming future.
>> What do you think your job is going to
look like 10 years from now? I think
it'll it'll be it'll be a mixed bag I
think because I think because my job is
pretty like kind of external facing
people facing I think right now kind of
the tension or the tri I see with like
AI usage in like creative fields is like
oh like I don't want to read something
made by like chat GBT or like you know
and it's like a lot of critique on like
the usage of M dashes like the commas
>> I I won I only want to read things by by
Deep Research too. I use M dashes all
the time now just to annoy people.
>> Yeah. And so like Yeah, there's like a
lot of like kind of critique about
people like not wanting to read content
that's like AI generated. And like I see
that like on social media. I see that in
like more niche communities like
Substack. I feel like I've read like at
least 15 Substack articles like kind of
bashing the uses of like M dashes like
>> Yeah, it's there's reactions are
interesting, but like to me it puts I
put more value now on autobiographical
stuff. If if somebody's writing a
generic thing that anything could rate,
you know, could anything could create,
then I don't really care as much. But if
somebody's like, "Here's my experience
doing this," that has way more value to
me personally.
>> It's just really about like I think in
the future, at least in like marketing,
it's like probably just navigating that
tension and seeing like what audiences
like kind of resonate too. So maybe who
knows in like 5 years I feel like AI
generated content might be like the norm
and like acceptable and like us as like
marketers are kind of like pushing in
that creative input and for that like
you know AI generated output but I feel
like that's that's still a long years
ahead but
>> what is your biggest
fear?
I'll give you mine. Okay. I think these
are incredible technologies. I think
there's I think everybody has the right
to kind of approach this however they
want. And if somebody says I'm taking my
time, that's fine. My concern is I think
there's a lot of value. I think it's an
incredible learning tool. And and I find
that people can get up to speed very
quickly in six months. I think six
months time spinning this stuff, you can
then go into a company and you can do a
lot of value or can create a company and
do this stuff. And my concern is that
people are kind of hesitating too much
and not asking a question and maybe
we're not doing enough to teach or
communicate everything we're doing
there. And I fear my fear is people
missing out. I kind of have like a like
an opposite opposite view. I think that
maybe maybe specifically because I'm I'm
inserted in this education um that some
people will will try to like find a way
around like everything that's
traditionally education um with AI and
there are a lot of loopholes within
education. Um, and my fear is that that
you'll you'll get to the to the job
market and and essentially
you the the people interviewing you are
not going to ask like oh like if you get
this question how are you going to put
into AI and solve it because AI can
solve this question whatever traditional
coding question that you have but
they're really looking for the concepts
and for how you how you adapt and and
solve problems because they need that
human aspect as well like humanity is
not going away and my fear is that um
that like the use of this tool is going
to go too far where they realize that
like traditional education is still
important and understanding those
concepts is still important. Um and and
it'll be hard to like backtrack from
there.
>> For me like my fear component comes from
a place more of like having kind of like
knowledge and truth centralized in one
place. I think that's what's more
fearful for me because I think right now
we have not like knowledge fragmented in
so many different places and I think the
beauty of learning is like taking each
of those pieces and putting it together
in one kind of like streamline
understanding for yourself. But I think
with you know kind of the usage of like
chat GBT and like certain like you know
like chat bots on its own and having
that kind of as like the search engine
or like the centralization of truth I
feel like could be like a bad feedback
loop sometimes where I think you're
referring to the same sources and not
really doing kind of that work to like
reach out different like knowledge
sources. So I think that's where my fear
comes from and I think it becomes
amplified when like you know with the
emergence of things where they're like
specific like chat bots like that are
themed. So like maybe like you know
doing like a chatbot only for you know
far far right activists or like far less
activists and like kind of when you you
know go down those like feedback loops
and you're unable to kind of extract
yourself and have like a broader
perspective because of kind of the
accessibility of like you know
generative AI I think is like where my
fear comes from. So, kind of like where
our social media, your fear is kind of
echo chambers that people are going to
say, "I'm only use these sources or that
sources."
>> I I would say that I'm optimistic and
overall optimistic because I it's a lot
easier like you pointed out before is
you said, "Hey, I want you to use these
sources and I want you to take different
opinions and I want that." And is that
something we need to be thinking about
incorporating more into education and
how we teach people critical thinking?
The idea that if you're not challenging
yourself, you're not learning. For sure.
I I I 100% agree with that. And I think
that that's what the study mode does
great. Like it does it does give you
that challenging aspect. And when your
brain starts like, you know, really like
diving deep and you start thinking um
critically thinking about, oh, maybe
different counter examples, different
perspectives, then you can get a full uh
overall just assessment of what whatever
you want to be thinking about.
>> Every time I ask this question, I
usually get a good answer. Sometimes
immediately, sometimes it takes longer
for people to think about that.
I want to ask about your favorite
prompts, things that you've used that
give you fun results or cool ways to use
it.
>> Um, so I've kind of noticed two things.
I think the main thing is I can really
um I can kind of personalize and give
ChachiBT the specifics about me
>> and and then have it give me an answer
based on that. So I I tell it my my diet
preferences, um what I what I want out
of the food that I'm eating. And when I
go to the grocery store, I'll take a
picture of the receipt and have it grade
it. You know, how well did I do um based
on this grocery trip because I want to
make sure that I I highlight and I get
all of my vitamins and let's say that's
my specific goal. And it'll grade me
based on that objectively and it'll also
track progress over time. But I think
the the main thing with with prompts is
that you can talk about you yourself and
it'll also store that in memory. So, I
uh I've been playing basketball for a
long time, almost all my life. And I
have like some knee issues that I've run
into. And sometimes the traditional like
best way to like work out your legs
isn't the best when you have knee pain.
>> And everyone has different types of pain
and and different ways that that gets
aggravated. So, when I ask Chachi BT,
you know, I have this pain, but when I
do this exercise, it feels fine, but
when I do this exercise, it really
hurts. So, can you make me can you maybe
diagnose the problem? Maybe it's not
that good at that, but can you make me
just a exercise regimen that'll be
wrapped around my specific needs?
>> Oh, that's really cool.
>> Yeah,
>> giving me some ideas. Um,
>> I think for me, so I also can think of
like two use cases. Um, but I think
personally for me the best thing that
you know, Chad GBT and like AI gives me
is like time and like I think having
more time makes me happy. So like I feel
like Chad GBT does make me happy as a
person. But I think the best kind of
like manifestation of that is like kind
of like small day-to-day tasks. And um I
think one of the times I used it was so
I think I had like a reading list of
like 15 books that I wanted to go get.
Um and so the nearest bookstore from my
campus is uh the last bookstore which is
in DTLA and and for those of you who
aren't from LA or know the area, it's
really tough on parking. Um it's kind of
like a very in-n-out situation. So I
think there's like a time pressure for
me. Um, and I also didn't want to pay
like 40 bucks after a certain point. I
wanted to put together, you know, the
optimal strategy to get in and out of
the bookstore in like 15 minutes. Um,
and so that started off with kind of
feeding it like the 15 books that I had
in mind. Um, and organize it based off
of like the library's organizational
system. Um, and then the last name of
the authors and the genre. So like kind
of like those three inputs. Um, and so
it gave me the most optimal strat to
kind of like grab those books and get
out as fast as possible. So, I thought
that was a really cool use case and I've
been using, you know, a lot of kind of
use cases like that to optimize my time.
Um, and then just another kind of like
use case that actually my friend taught
me, um, is to kind of use voice mode,
um, to really also help with that time
convenience. Um, and so I saw him use
it, uh, while he was driving and he put
it on voice mode and every time he would
see like a tech billboard in San
Francisco, he would ask it, "Oh, what is
this company? Like, what does this
billboard mean?" So, I think it was nice
how he's able to kind of learn on the go
and just like do some things that he's
like interested in um with kind of like
mundane tasks like driving. Um and then
so I started kind of adopting that. Um
I'm taking like a summer course right
now. Um and so I don't have a lot of
time with you know the work commute
while driving. Um and then there's
actual work for most of my day. So to
really optimize my time, I've been just
asking using voice mode to kind of do
like steady like recall and back and
forth on certain concepts so that when I
get home, I feel like my brain is
already ready and active to like do the
assignments. So I think like that aspect
has been really cool. And being able to
use that voice feature is also really
cool because it's scarily like
humanlike. So I feel like I'm actually
talking to someone.
>> Guys, this has been great. like to thank
you both for being here and look forward
to talking again further down and seeing
where your paths have taken you.
>> Yeah. No, thank you so much for having
us. I feel like it's a great platform to
kind of like talk about like AI and like
especially in the education space
because it's something so salient. So,
I'm glad like you know we had this
platform. Thank you for having us.
>> People can use words like salient.
>> Exactly.
>> I I echo what she said. No, this is this
has been great uh great conversation.
And I'm glad we got to talk about some
hard-hitting topics and also some
optimistic topics.
>> Yeah, I'm very optimistic. I mean, it's
going to be the more we can help our
friends adapt and find their own place
with it, the better.